responses/01_intro.md, before:

## Welcome!

Hello and welcome to the GitHub Engineering team! Working on the GitHub Engineering team means you get to work on some _really_ awesome stuff, but, to ensure our best work is shipped :ship: we utilize peer reviews through GitHub Pull Request reviews.

This course will dive into how you can get your best work done by identifying when and how to request a review, how to perform a review for someone else, and other awesome collaboration methods.

### Getting Started with Reviews

Before we get started there are two terms I want to highlight, because they play a vital role in the pull request review process:

- **Must**: Directives which are to be considered specific requirements and in effect are policy. For example, "You must obtain a review approval prior to deploying a pull request to production".
- **Should**: Directives which are are considered important and are strongly recommended, though not required. For example, "You should leave a pull request open for at least one business day before merging."

To continue in the course, I would like you to assign yourself to this issue. Assignees on issues and pull requests let other Hubbers know who is responsible for making sure an issue or pull request is completed in an easily accessible and visual manner.

### :keyboard: Activity: Assign yourself to this issue

1. On the right side of the screen, click the `assign yourself` text under the **Assignees** section.

<hr>
<h3 align="center">Return to this issue for my next comment</h3>

> _Sometimes I respond too fast for the page to update! If you perform an expected action and don't see a response from me, wait a few seconds and refresh the page for your next steps._

Commit message:

add info about github pages

responses/01_intro.md, after:

## Welcome!

Hello and welcome to the GitHub Engineering team! Working on the GitHub Engineering team means you get to work on some _really_ awesome stuff, but, to ensure our best work is shipped :ship: we utilize peer reviews through GitHub Pull Request reviews.

This course will dive into how you can get your best work done by identifying when and how to request a review, how to perform a review for someone else, and other awesome collaboration methods. To do this, we'll be playing around with the code in this repository that makes a simple Tetris game. To deploy this game on GitHub Pages and actually see our improvements in real time, go to the **Settings** tab of this repository, and scroll down to **GitHub Pages**. Select `master` as a **Source**, and click **Save**. GitHub will create a deployment for you on GitHub Pages.  

### Getting Started with Reviews

Before we get started there are two terms I want to highlight, because they play a vital role in the pull request review process:

- **Must**: Directives which are to be considered specific requirements and in effect are policy. For example, "You must obtain a review approval prior to deploying a pull request to production".
- **Should**: Directives which are are considered important and are strongly recommended, though not required. For example, "You should leave a pull request open for at least one business day before merging."

To continue in the course, I would like you to assign yourself to this issue. Assignees on issues and pull requests let other Hubbers know who is responsible for making sure an issue or pull request is completed in an easily accessible and visual manner.

### :keyboard: Activity: Assign yourself to this issue

1. On the right side of the screen, click the `assign yourself` text under the **Assignees** section.

<hr>
<h3 align="center">Return to this issue for my next comment</h3>

> _Sometimes I respond too fast for the page to update! If you perform an expected action and don't see a response from me, wait a few seconds and refresh the page for your next steps._
