responses/03_successful-comment.md, before:

## Reviewing Pull Requests

Nice work @{{ user.username }}. By providing feedback on my pull request, you've enabled me to make changes or reevaluate how I am making my desired change. But, pull request reviews don't stop at commenting. You can also `approve` or `request changes` on my pull request.

Typically when you get asked to review something by your team members, you should acknowledge the request. Acknowledging a review request can be leaving a comment on the pull request, leaving a review, _or_ in some cases, rejecting the review request altogether.

I've made some changes to this branch and would love :heart: it if you could `approve` this pull request. For now, just approving the pull request will suffice. In a moment we will look at requesting changes. :+1:

<details><summary>Before you review, some things to consider</summary>

#### Discern the context

Reviewing the title and body of the pull request should help you understand the intended change and the reasoning behind the change. This clarification _should_ help you identify limitations, boundaries, and other context that could prevent the pull request from being merged in its current state.

#### Observing the progress

As a reviewer, there are certain attributes to look for when identifying how to best provide feedback to the author of a pull request. For early stage pull requests, reviews should focus on the general direction of the changes. Identifying if the pull request's goal is feasible than nitpicking the style, polish, or wording of the change. **However, an almost finalized pull request that is free of error messages, and exceptional cases are handled or at least tracked is vital at this stage.**

Regardless of the stage of the pull request, it is important to prioritize your feedback on the most essential changes, suggest changes for minor issues, and open a separate pull request against the author's branch when suggesting major changes.

</details>

### :keyboard: Activity: Approve a pull request

1. In the pull request, click the **Files changed** tab.
1. Review the changes in the pull request by optionally commenting on specific lines.
1. Above the changed code, click **Review changes**.
1. Type a comment summarizing your feedback on the proposed changes.
1. Select **Approve** to approve merging the changes proposed in the pull request.
1. Click **Submit review**.

<hr>
<h3 align="center">Return to this pull request for my next comment</h3>

> _Sometimes I respond too fast for the page to update! If you perform an expected action and don't see a response from me, wait a few seconds and refresh the page for your next steps._

Commit message:

add gh pages link, change 90% review

responses/03_successful-comment.md, after:

## Reviewing Pull Requests

Nice work @{{ user.username }}. By providing feedback on my pull request, you've enabled me to make changes or reevaluate how I am making my desired change. But, pull request reviews don't stop at commenting. You can also `approve` or `request changes` on my pull request.

Typically when you get asked to review something by your team members, you should acknowledge the request. Acknowledging a review request can be leaving a comment on the pull request, leaving a review, _or_ in some cases, rejecting the review request altogether.

I've made some changes to this branch and would love :heart: it if you could `approve` this pull request. For now, just approving the pull request will suffice. In a moment we will look at requesting changes. :+1:

<details><summary>Before you review, some things to consider</summary>

#### Discern the context

Reviewing the title and body of the pull request should help you understand the intended change and the reasoning behind the change. This clarification _should_ help you identify limitations, boundaries, and other context that could prevent the pull request from being merged in its current state.

#### Observing the progress

As a reviewer, there are certain attributes to look for when identifying how to best provide feedback to the author of a pull request. For early stage pull requests, reviews should focus on the general direction of the changes. Identifying if the pull request's goal is feasible than nitpicking the style, polish, or wording of the change. Pull requests that are closer to being done should receive a robust review. Manually testing the changes in a staging environment or running automated tests against the changes are all methods to ensure the merged changed won't brean your project. 

Regardless of the stage of the pull request, it is important to prioritize your feedback on the most essential changes, suggest changes for minor issues, and open a separate pull request against the author's branch when suggesting major changes.

</details>

### :keyboard: Activity: Approve a pull request

1. In the pull request, click the **Files changed** tab.
1. Review the changes in the pull request by optionally commenting on specific lines.
1. Above the changed code, click **Review changes**.
1. Type a comment summarizing your feedback on the proposed changes.
1. Select **Approve** to approve merging the changes proposed in the pull request.
1. Click **Submit review**.

<hr>
<h3 align="center">Return to this pull request for my next comment</h3>

> _Sometimes I respond too fast for the page to update! If you perform an expected action and don't see a response from me, wait a few seconds and refresh the page for your next steps._
