responses/06_final-flow.md, before:

# Requesting a reviewer

Wow, I've been working _really_ hard on this project, but I haven't let you show off your sweet programming skills yet. I'd like you to make a change to our project to really make it your own.  :+1: After you create your change and open a pull request, I would like to review it. The best way to get someone to review your pull request is to request for them to review it.

As your reviewer, I'm going to check to make sure your change doesn't break anything :construction:, but it is your job as the author of the pull request to tell me what you are trying to accomplish. By letting me know what you are trying to do in the initial comment of the pull request, I can start testing and reviewing immediately. This allows us to work asynchronously, so I can continue being a night-owl and you can enjoy being the early bird. :owl: :bird:

### :keyboard: Activity: Request a reviewer

1. Create a branch based on `master` in this repository. (You can do this locally, or from the GitHub UI. If you aren't sure how to do this, try the [Introduction to GitHub course](https://lab.github.com/githubtraining/introduction-to-github) and then come back to give it another try.
1. While checked out to your branch, make a change of your choosing to your project. Your change can be to the code in the `index.html` file, to the `README.md`, or anything else you'd like.
1. Open a pull request.
1. In the pull request, click **Request** in the right sidebar under **Reviewers**.
1. Type the username of the person or the name of the team you're asking to review your changes, then click their team name or username to request a review. If you don't know who to request, go ahead and assign `@githubteacher`.

<hr>
<h3 align="center">Return to this issue for my next comment</h3>

> _Sometimes I respond too fast for the page to update! If you perform an expected action and don't see a response from me, wait a few seconds and refresh the page for your next steps._

Commit message:

add note about pr body being important

responses/06_final-flow.md, after:

# Requesting a reviewer

Wow, I've been working _really_ hard on this project, but I haven't let you show off your sweet programming skills yet. I'd like you to make a change to our project to really make it your own.  :+1: After you create your change and open a pull request, I would like to review it. The best way to get someone to review your pull request is to request for them to review it.

As your reviewer, I'm going to check to make sure your change doesn't break anything :construction:, but it is your job as the author of the pull request to tell me what you are trying to accomplish. By letting me know what you are trying to do in the initial comment of the pull request, I can start testing and reviewing immediately. This allows us to work asynchronously, so I can continue being a night-owl and you can enjoy being the early bird. :owl: :bird:

### :keyboard: Activity: Request a reviewer

1. Create a branch based on `master` in this repository. (You can do this locally, or from the GitHub UI. If you aren't sure how to do this, try the [Introduction to GitHub course](https://lab.github.com/githubtraining/introduction-to-github) and then come back to give it another try.
1. While checked out to your branch, make a change of your choosing to your project. Your change can be to the code in the `index.html` file, to the `README.md`, or anything else you'd like.
1. Open a pull request. Remember, reviewing is a two way street, so make sure you include relevant and helpful information within the body of your pull request. 
1. In the pull request, click **Request** in the right sidebar under **Reviewers**.
1. Type the username of the person or the name of the team you're asking to review your changes, then click their team name or username to request a review. If you don't know who to request, go ahead and assign `@githubteacher`.

<hr>
<h3 align="center">Return to this issue for my next comment</h3>

> _Sometimes I respond too fast for the page to update! If you perform an expected action and don't see a response from me, wait a few seconds and refresh the page for your next steps._
